# Enzyme ðŸ§ª

A bare bones http web framework that stays out of your way.  

## Server

The `Server` type is used to tie everything together.  A `Server` instance is
constructed with `Server::new` and takes a `Config` as an argument.  Finally the
`.run` method takes in a `Router` as an argument and starts the webserver.  

## Routing

Routing is done through the `Router` type.  The `Router` has a `new` method to
construct an instance and an `.add` method to add routes to the router.  

The `route!` macro is used to generate a route from a path and a service proxy.
A service proxy is a closure with the signature `|cx: Context, req: Request|
SERVICE_INSTANCE.service_endpoint(cx, req)`.  The `route!` macro is used as
follows:
```rust
route!(/"path"/param/"path"/"path"/param => service_proxy)
```
Where `"path"` is a static segment that must be matched verbatim and `param` is
a parameter that is captured and made available through the `Param` type in the
`from_parts` method in the `Context` trait.  

## Endpoint

`Endpoint` is entirely internal to enzyme and a user will never need to interact
with it directly.  Nonetheless it is good to know how it works.  

An endpoint is an async function from `Request` to `Response`.  An endpoint is
created using `Endpoint::new` taking a service proxy as an argument.  The
returned endpoint is a function that takes in a `Request` and evaluates the
service proxy as steps in the request evaluation.  

### Request and Response Types

Route functions must have the following signature:
```rust
async fn(ContextType, RequestType) -> WebResult<ResponseType>
```

`RequestType` and `ResponseType` can be any type that implements `Deserialize +
Default` and `Serialize` respectively.  The body of the request is deserialized
into what ever type is used as `RequestType` and the type used as `ResponseType`
is serialized into json automatically.  This means contract types are
automatically deserialized and serialized, you just define routes that consume
your `RequestType` and return your `ResponseType` and the framework does the
rest.  

The `Content-Length` header is required in any requests containing a body that
you wish to be automatically deserialized.  A `Content-Length` of 0 will prevent
deserialization of the body entirely.   

### Context Types

`ContextType` can be any type that implements the `Context` trait.  The
`from_parts` method is used to construct the `ContextType` from `Parts` and
`Params`.  `Parts` is the `http::request::Parts` type from the `http` crate and
contains everything in the request except the body.   An example `ContextType`
could have members such as `auth_token` and the implementation of `from_parts`
could parse out and evaluate the `auth_token` for validity before returning the
`ContextType`.  Finally access to the context of the request is accomplished by
passing the `ContextType` into the async route function.  

### Error Handling

Async functions used in the framework return a `WebResult` type.  The
`WebResult` is a `Result` type with the error parameter set to be a `WebError`.
A `WebError` is a message and an error code.  The message can be anything that
implements `Serialize` and the code is an `StatusCode` type from the `http`
crate.  
